Implement native JSON support (#487)
nautobot/nautobot-plugin-golden-config: docs/user/app_feature_compliancejson.md

# Navigating Compliance Using Structured Data

> JSON based compliance allows to understand device configurations stored in JSON format and compare between them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JSON based compliance provides a mechanism to understand device configurations stored in JSON format and compare between them.
```
